
Chapter 1:
1. Jonathan Harker: A young English lawyer traveling to Transylvania to help a nobleman with a legal matter. He keeps a journal describing his journey.

2. Count Dracula: A mysterious Transylvanian nobleman who invites Jonathan to his castle. He sends a letter welcoming Jonathan to the country.

3. The coach driver: Drives Jonathan through the Borgo Pass in the Carpathian mountains to reach Dracula's castle. He seems uneasy about taking Jonathan there.

4. The old lady at the hotel: She warns Jonathan not to go to Dracula's castle on the eve of St. George's Day. She gives him a crucifix for protection.


Chapter 2:
1. Jonathan Harker: A young English solicitor's clerk who is traveling to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase an estate in England. He keeps a journal describing his journey and strange experiences in Dracula's castle.

2. Count Dracula: A mysterious, ancient nobleman who resides in a decaying castle in the Carpathian Mountains. He has supernatural abilities and a sinister presence. 

3. The Coachman: One of Dracula's servants who transports Jonathan to the castle. He possesses great physical strength.

4. The Old Man: An elderly servant of Dracula's who welcomes Jonathan to the castle. He has a courtly manner.


Chapter 3:
1. Jonathan Harker: A young English solicitor traveling to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase an estate in England. He is trapped in Dracula's castle and experiences many strange, supernatural events. 

2. Count Dracula: A mysterious Transylvanian nobleman who purchases an estate in England. He has supernatural abilities and holds Jonathan captive in his castle. 

3. The Three Women: Female vampires who attempt to seduce Jonathan in Dracula's castle. Dracula stops them from attacking Jonathan, claiming him as his own victim.


Chapter 4:
1. Jonathan Harker: An English solicitor traveling to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase property in England. He is trapped in Dracula's castle and slowly realizes the Count is a vampire.

2. Count Dracula: A vampire who resides in a decaying castle in the Carpathian Mountains. He plans to travel to England to spread his vampirism. 

3. The Three Weird Sisters: Female vampires who serve Dracula. Jonathan encounters them at the castle.

4. Szgany: Local gypsies who transport boxes of Transylvanian soil to Dracula's castle, which the Count plans to use for his relocation to England.

5. Mina: Jonathan's fiancée back in England. He writes her letters throughout his visit to Transylvania.


Chapter 5:
1. Lucy Westenra: Young woman who receives three marriage proposals in one day. She is torn between accepting the proposals and her love for Arthur Holmwood.

2. Arthur Holmwood: Lucy's true love. He is mentioned as being very happy in a telegram at the end.

3. Quincey P. Morris: Texan suitor who proposes to Lucy but accepts her refusal amiably. 

4. Dr. John Seward: Doctor at a lunatic asylum. He proposes to Lucy but is also rejected.


Chapter 6:
1. Lucy Westenra: A sweet and lovely young woman engaged to Arthur Holmwood. She has been sleepwalking lately which worries Mina.

2. Mina Murray: The writer of the journal entries. She is Lucy's friend and is worried about Lucy's sleepwalking and her fiancé Jonathan who has not written. 

3. Jonathan Harker: Mina's fiancé who has not written to her in some time causing her to worry. He was previously at Castle Dracula.

4. Arthur Holmwood: Lucy's fiancé who has had to leave town because his father is ill. Lucy is eager for his return.

5. Mr. Swales: An old sailor Mina befriends who tells her ghost stories about Whitby. He worries about death but tries to keep positive.


Chapter 7:
1. Mina Murray: A schoolmistress and friend of Lucy Westenra who keeps a journal chronicling the strange events in Whitby. She is sensitive and perceptive.

2. Lucy Westenra: Mina's friend who is restless, uneasy and prone to sleepwalking. She seems affected by the supernatural events in Whitby.  

3. The Russian sea captain: The deceased captain of the ship Demeter, which arrived in Whitby harbor with a dead man tied to the helm. His log describes strange occurrences and disappearing crewmen.

4. The large dog: A mysterious, possibly supernatural dog that landed when the Demeter ran aground. It disappeared after running up the hill from the harbor.


Chapter 8:
1. Jonathan Harker: A young English lawyer traveling to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase property. He is engaged to Mina Murray. Currently ill with a brain fever in a hospital in Budapest.

2. Mina Murray: Jonathan's fiancée. She is traveling to Budapest to marry Jonathan and help care for him. 

3. Lucy Westenra: Mina's friend who sleepwalks at night and seems to be slowly getting sicker.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor who runs an asylum and is caring for a patient named Renfield. 

5. Renfield: A patient at Dr. Seward's asylum who has violent outbursts and disturbing obsessions.


Chapter 9:
1. Mina Harker: Jonathan Harker's fiancée and Lucy Westenra's friend who is traveling to meet Jonathan in Budapest. She is caring and devoted to Jonathan. 

2. Jonathan Harker: Mina's fiancé who has suffered a shock and lost his memory. He is recovering in Budapest under Mina's care.

3. Lucy Westenra: Mina's friend who is cheerful in her letters but seems to be growing ill. 

4. Dr. John Seward: A doctor caring for the insane Renfield and a friend of Lucy, Arthur, and Van Helsing. He requests Van Helsing come treat Lucy.

5. Abraham Van Helsing: An experienced Dutch doctor and metaphysician called in by Dr. Seward to provide consultation on Lucy's illness.


Chapter 10:
1. Dr. John Seward: A doctor and friend of Lucy Westenra who is helping treat her illness. He assists Professor Van Helsing with a blood transfusion for Lucy.

2. Professor Abraham Van Helsing: An expert doctor called in to help treat Lucy. He performs a blood transfusion on Lucy using Dr. Seward's blood.

3. Lucy Westenra: A young woman who is mysteriously growing weaker. She receives a blood transfusion from Dr. Seward under Van Helsing's supervision. 

4. Arthur Holmwood: Lucy's fiancé. He arrives while Van Helsing and Seward are preparing for Lucy's transfusion and offers his own blood, but Van Helsing deems Seward's blood better.


Chapter 11:
1. Lucy Westenra: A young woman who seems to be afflicted by a strange illness and is being cared for by Dr. Van Helsing and Dr. Seward. She struggles with disturbed sleep and odd events around her home.

2. Dr. Van Helsing: An older doctor who is overseeing Lucy's care and treatments. He gives instructions for her care such as having certain flowers placed around her room. 

3. Dr. Seward: Another doctor caring for Lucy. He keeps a diary and performs transfusions for Lucy.

4. Mina: Lucy's friend who previously helped care for her after an incident at Whitby. She is not present in this chapter.

5. Arthur: Lucy's fiancé who is also not present in the chapter but she expresses her love for him.


Chapter 12:
1. Dr. Seward: A doctor and friend of Lucy who helps care for her when she falls ill. He chronicles events in his diary.

2. Van Helsing: An experienced doctor called in to help treat Lucy. He takes charge of her care and leads the efforts to save her life.

3. Lucy Westenra: A young woman who has fallen mysteriously ill after sleepwalking and being bitten. Her condition continues to deteriorate. 

4. Arthur Holmwood: Lucy's fiancé who rushes to her side when he hears she is ill. He is distraught at the efforts to save her.

5. Quincey Morris: A Texan and friend of Lucy's who wants to help and offers his blood for transfusions. He helps patrol outside Lucy's home at night.


Chapter 13:
1. Dr. Seward: A doctor and friend of Lucy Westenra who helps treat her illness. He keeps a diary documenting events.

2. Van Helsing: An older doctor and expert on obscure diseases who comes to help treat Lucy. He is knowledgeable about vampires.

3. Arthur Holmwood: Lucy's fiancé who is devastated by her death. He helps give her transfusions when she is ill.

4. Jonathan Harker: A lawyer and Mina's husband. He sees a strange man in London who reminds him of Count Dracula.

5. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife who is transcribing and compiling the diaries and letters about Lucy and Dracula.


Chapter 14:
1. Van Helsing: An old and wise doctor from Amsterdam who comes to help investigate Lucy's death. He is knowledgeable about many strange phenomena and determined to protect Mina.  

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan Harker's wife who was friends with Lucy. She provides Van Helsing with Lucy's diary and details about her illness to help his investigation. She is brave and wants to support Jonathan.

3. Jonathan Harker: Mina's husband who suffered a brain fever after encountering Dracula. He is recovering with Mina's help.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor who cared for Lucy during her illness. He allows Van Helsing to read his diary to learn more about Lucy's condition before she died.

5. Lucy Westenra: Mina's friend who died after becoming mysteriously ill. Van Helsing is investigating the strange circumstances around her death.


Chapter 15:
1. Van Helsing: A doctor and vampire hunter who wants to open Lucy's tomb to confirm she is undead and kill her to release her soul. He is determined to stop Dracula.

2. Dr. Seward: A doctor and friend of Lucy's who is conflicted about Van Helsing's plan but wants to help stop the evil. 

3. Arthur: Lucy's fiancé who is devastated by her death and the idea she may be undead. He is angry at Van Helsing's plan but agrees to go along.

4. Quincey Morris: A Texan and Lucy's former suitor who pledges to help Van Helsing and wants to stop the vampire threat.


Chapter 16:
1. Van Helsing: A doctor and vampire hunter who leads the effort to destroy Dracula and free Lucy. He is wise and determined.  

2. Arthur: Lucy's fiancé. He is heartbroken over Lucy's death and transformation into a vampire. He stakes Lucy to release her soul.

3. Quincey Morris: A Texan and one of Lucy's suitors. He helps Van Helsing and the others against Dracula.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor and friend of Lucy's. He assists Van Helsing in fighting the vampires.


Chapter 17:
1. Jonathan Harker: A lawyer who traveled to Transylvania and encountered Count Dracula. He is Mina's husband.

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife who is helping investigate Dracula. She was friends with Lucy.  

3. Dr. Seward: A doctor who cared for Lucy and runs an asylum. He keeps a diary about strange events.

4. Lord Godalming: Lucy's former fiancé who wants to defeat Dracula.


Chapter 18:
1. Renfield: An inmate at the asylum who Dr. Seward is observing. He displays odd behaviors and believes he can gain power by consuming living creatures. 

2. Dr. Van Helsing: A doctor and professor helping the group hunt Dracula. He provides information and guidance on vampires.

3. Dr. Seward: The director of the asylum. He records observations on his patients, including Renfield.

4. Jonathan Harker: Mina's husband. He is determined to destroy Dracula.

5. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife who has been attacked by Dracula. She transcribes and organizes the group's records.


Chapter 19:
1. Jonathan Harker: A solicitor who is traveling to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase property in England. He keeps a journal describing his journey and strange experiences in Dracula's castle.

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife. She is left out of the plans to fight Dracula to protect her from the horror. 

3. Count Dracula: A vampire who resides in a castle in Transylvania. He plans to move to England.

4. Dr. John Seward: A doctor who runs an asylum. He is part of the group fighting against Dracula.

5. Professor Van Helsing: A Dutch doctor and expert on vampires. He leads the group against Dracula.

6. Quincey Morris: A Texan in the group against Dracula.

7. Lord Godalming: Part of the group opposing Dracula.


Chapter 20:
1. Jonathan Harker: A solicitor sent to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase a house in London. He keeps a journal of his strange experiences in Dracula's castle.

2. Count Dracula: A mysterious Transylvanian noble who purchases a house in London. Harker discovers he is a vampire.

3. Dr. Seward: A doctor who runs an asylum. He is overseeing a patient named Renfield who has some connection to Dracula. 

4. Renfield: An insane asylum patient under Dr. Seward's care who eats insects and acts strangely. He has some mysterious link to Dracula.

5. Mina Harker: Jonathan Harker's fiancée who is staying with Lucy Westenra while Jonathan is in Transylvania.


Chapter 21:
1. Jonathan Harker: An English solicitor who was attacked and bitten by Count Dracula. He is weak and ill after the attack.

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife. She was also attacked by Dracula and forced to drink his blood. She is distraught and horrified by what happened. 

3. Count Dracula: The vampire who attacked Jonathan and Mina. He is determined to gain power over them and make them his servants.

4. Dr. Van Helsing: A Dutch doctor and vampire hunter. He is helping to care for Jonathan and Mina and wants to stop Dracula.

5. Dr. Seward: An English doctor and friend of Jonathan's. He recounts the events of the chapter in his diary.


Chapter 22:
1. Jonathan Harker: A young English solicitor traveling to Transylvania. He is keeping a journal of strange events happening around Count Dracula's castle. 

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's fiancée and secretary. She is staying in London while Jonathan is in Transylvania. She transcribes his journal.

3. Count Dracula: A mysterious Transylvanian noble who resides in an ancient castle in the Carpathian Mountains. He is later revealed as a vampire.

4. Dr. John Seward: A doctor who runs an insane asylum near Dracula's English estate. He is a former student of Dr. Van Helsing.

5. Professor Abraham Van Helsing: A Dutch doctor who is called in to provide expert advice regarding supernatural events in England. He is knowledgeable about vampires.

6. Quincey Morris: A Texan and former Bowie knife fighter. He becomes involved in the vampire hunt.

7. Lord Godalming: A British nobleman and friend of Dr. Seward. He joins the group hunting Dracula.


Chapter 23:
1. Jonathan Harker: A young English solicitor who is traveling to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase property in London. He is overwhelmed by the horrors he witnesses at Dracula's castle.

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife. She is a brave and compassionate woman trying to support her husband. 

3. Professor Van Helsing: A Dutch doctor and expert on vampires who is helping the group try to defeat Dracula. He is very knowledgeable and a leader in developing plans against the vampire.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor who runs an insane asylum. He was in love with Lucy and helps the group fight Dracula.

5. Quincey Morris: A Texan and friend of the Harkers. He is brave and helps lead the fight against Dracula.


Chapter 24:
1. Van Helsing: A doctor and vampire hunter leading the effort to defeat Dracula. He provides guidance and wisdom to the group.

2. Jonathan Harker: Mina's husband. He assists in the plans against Dracula and cares deeply for Mina's wellbeing.  

3. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife who was attacked by Dracula. She wants to join the fight against the vampire despite objections.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor and one of the vampire hunters. He keeps detailed records of their efforts against Dracula.


Chapter 25:
1. Jonathan Harker: A solicitor who traveled to Transylvania to help Count Dracula purchase property in England. He is Mina's husband.

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife who was attacked by Dracula. She has a mysterious psychic connection to the Count. 

3. Abraham Van Helsing: A Dutch doctor and vampire hunter who leads the fight against Dracula. He is knowledgeable about the occult.

4. John Seward: A doctor who runs an insane asylum. He was in love with Lucy Westenra, one of Dracula's victims. 

5. Quincey Morris: A Texan and former cowboy who joins the fight against Dracula out of love for Lucy Westenra.


Chapter 26:
1. Jonathan Harker: An English solicitor traveling to Transylvania. He is keeping a journal of his experiences and observations. Determined to stop Dracula.

2. Mina Harker: Jonathan's wife. She has been attacked by Dracula and has a psychic connection to him. She is helping analyze clues to find Dracula.

3. Professor Van Helsing: A Dutch doctor and expert on vampires. He is leading the effort to find and destroy Dracula.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor and former student of Van Helsing. He runs an asylum and is helping hunt Dracula. 

5. Lord Godalming: A wealthy English nobleman, friend of Dr. Seward, and fiancé of Lucy Westenra. He is determined to destroy Dracula.


Chapter 27:
1. Mina Harker: Jonathan Harker's wife who was attacked by Dracula and shares a psychic bond with him. She helps the group track Dracula.

2. Jonathan Harker: Mina's husband who was held captive by Dracula. He joins the group hunting Dracula.  

3. Abraham Van Helsing: An expert in vampires who leads the group hunting Dracula. He protects Mina and guides the others.

4. Dr. Seward: A doctor and former student of Van Helsing. He assists in hunting Dracula.

