
Chapter 1:
Q: What was the name of the hotel where Jonathan Harker stayed in Klausenburgh?
(a) The Golden Crown Hotel 
(b) The Royal Hotel
(c) The Hotel Royale
(d) The Grand Hotel
A: (c) The Hotel Royale

Q: What dish did Jonathan eat for dinner at the hotel that was described as being thirsty? 
(a) Roast chicken 
(b) Paprika hendl
(c) Beef goulash  
(d) Stuffed eggplant
A: (b) Paprika hendl

Q: What did the old lady at the hotel give Jonathan as a parting gift?
(a) A crucifix
(b) A rosary 
(c) A good luck charm
(d) A map
A: (b) A rosary


Chapter 2:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover about the location of Castle Dracula?
(a) It is in a crowded city 
(b) It is in an isolated rural area
(c) It is by the sea
(d) It is in a desert
A: (b) It is in an isolated rural area

Q: How does Count Dracula react when he sees that Jonathan has cut himself shaving?
(a) He helps bandage the cut
(b) He gets angry and grabs Jonathan's throat  
(c) He doesn't notice 
(d) He tells Jonathan to be more careful
A: (b) He gets angry and grabs Jonathan's throat

Q: What does Jonathan realize about the castle?
(a) It has no mirrors
(b) It is very warm and comfortable
(c) It has modern amenities 
(d) It is like a prison
A: (d) It is like a prison


Chapter 3:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover about Count Dracula's sleeping habits?
(a) The Count sleeps in a coffin 
(b) The Count does not sleep at night
(c) The Count sleeps hanging upside down
(d) The Count sleeps during the day
A: (b) The Count does not sleep at night

Q: How does Jonathan feel when he realizes he is a prisoner in Dracula's castle?
(a) He feels relieved to be away from home
(b) He feels resigned to his fate 
(c) He feels angry at the Count
(d) He feels panicked and tries to escape
A: (d) He feels panicked and tries to escape

Q: What does Jonathan see the Count doing outside his window one night?
(a) Flying around as a bat
(b) Climbing down the castle wall
(c) Standing guard outside his door
(d) Escaping in a coach
A: (b) Climbing down the castle wall


Chapter 4:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover when he searches Count Dracula's room?
(a) The key to the room 
(b) A pile of gold coins
(c) The Count sleeping in a box
(d) A secret passageway

A: (b) A pile of gold coins

Q: Why does Jonathan attempt to scale the castle wall again?
(a) To admire the view
(b) To escape the castle
(c) To get exercise 
(d) To find the Count

A: (b) To escape the castle

Q: How does Jonathan react when he sees the Count looking rejuvenated? 
(a) He tries to wake the Count
(b) He searches for a weapon 
(c) He runs away in fear
(d) He steals the Count's clothes

A: (c) He runs away in fear


Chapter 5:
Q: What is Mina Murray's profession?
(a) Teacher 
(b) Nurse
(c) Assistant schoolmistress
(d) Secretary 

A: (c) Assistant schoolmistress

Q: Who does Lucy say she is in love with?
(a) Quincey P. Morris
(b) Jack Seward 
(c) Arthur Holmwood
(d) Jonathan Harker

A: (c) Arthur Holmwood

Q: What does Dr. Seward use to record his diary entries?
(a) Pen and paper
(b) Typewriter 
(c) Phonograph
(d) Computer

A: (c) Phonograph


Chapter 6:
Q: What is the name of the town where the events take place?
(a) London 
(b) Whitby
(c) York
(d) Leeds
A: (b) Whitby

Q: What landmark overlooks the town? 
(a) A lighthouse
(b) A church
(c) An abbey ruin
(d) A graveyard
A: (c) An abbey ruin

Q: What does Mr. Swales warn the narrator about regarding the tombstones?
(a) That they are dangerously unstable
(b) That many of the people buried there are not actually dead
(c) That the inscriptions contain many lies
(d) That they are haunted by ghosts
A: (c) That the inscriptions contain many lies


Chapter 7:
Q: What caused the sudden storm in Whitby?
(a) An unusual amount of rain 
(b) Strong winds coming from the northwest
(c) A hurricane offshore
(d) An unexpected drop in temperature
A: (b) Strong winds coming from the northwest

Q: What happened when the ship called the Demeter arrived in the harbor?
(a) It crashed into the pier
(b) Its crew jumped overboard 
(c) A dead man was tied to the helm
(d) It was steered in by a dog
A: (c) A dead man was tied to the helm

Q: Why was Lucy upset during the captain's funeral?
(a) She was tired from lack of sleep
(b) She felt sorry for the dead captain
(c) She is very sensitive to disturbing events
(d) She got into an argument with the narrator
A: (c) She is very sensitive to disturbing events


Chapter 8:
Q: What did Lucy experience while sleepwalking?
(a) She had a vivid dream.
(b) She was attacked by a wolf. 
(c) She walked to the cliffs and churchyard.
(d) She saw ghosts and demons.
A: (c) She walked to the cliffs and churchyard.

Q: What did Renfield start acting like that concerned Dr. Seward?
(a) He became very quiet and still.
(b) He started talking about being God.
(c) He tried to escape from the asylum.  
(d) He became obsessed with spiders.
A: (b) He started talking about being God.

Q: Why did Mina have to travel abroad? 
(a) To help care for Jonathan who was ill.
(b) To finalize wedding plans with Jonathan.
(c) To visit Lucy who was studying abroad.
(d) To meet Jonathan's family overseas.  
A: (a) To help care for Jonathan who was ill.


Chapter 9:
Q: What does Mina Harker tell Lucy Westenra about Jonathan Harker's condition when she arrives in Budapest? 
(a) He is physically weak but mentally sound.
(b) He has no memory of recent events. 
(c) He is afraid he has done something wrong.
(d) He is jealous that Mina befriended another man.
A: (b) He has no memory of recent events.

Q: What does Dr. Seward notice about Renfield's fits of madness?
(a) They occur randomly throughout the day.
(b) They happen when he is exposed to sunlight.  
(c) They are triggered by the full moon.
(d) They coincide with mealtimes.
A: (b) They happen when he is exposed to sunlight.

Q: What does Professor Van Helsing conclude after examining Lucy?
(a) She has a functional disorder.
(b) She is anemic from blood loss. 
(c) The cause of her illness is psychological.
(d) Her heart condition is fatal.
A: (c) The cause of her illness is psychological.


Chapter 10:
Q: What does Van Helsing rub on Lucy's window sashes and door jamb?
(a) Garlic flowers 
(b) Holy water
(c) Wolfsbane
(d) Silver dust
A: (a) Garlic flowers

Q: Why does Van Helsing perform a blood transfusion on Lucy?
(a) She is anemic 
(b) She has been poisoned
(c) She lost a lot of blood from mysterious wounds
(d) She needs new blood to become a vampire
A: (c) She lost a lot of blood from mysterious wounds

Q: Who performs the blood transfusion on Lucy?
(a) Dr. Seward
(b) Arthur Holmwood 
(c) Van Helsing
(d) Quincey Morris
A: (b) Arthur Holmwood


Chapter 11:
Q: What did Dr. Van Helsing instruct Lucy Westenra to do with the flowers in her room?
(a) Eat them 
(b) Burn them
(c) Arrange them in a specific way
(d) Give them away
A: (c) Arrange them in a specific way

Q: Why does Lucy's mother remove the flowers from Lucy's room?
(a) She thinks they are poisonous
(b) She finds the smell too strong
(c) She wants to take them for herself
(d) She thinks they are ugly
A: (b) She finds the smell too strong 

Q: How does the wolf escape from the zoo?
(a) It digs under the cage
(b) The cage door is left unlocked
(c) It breaks through the bars
(d) A zookeeper lets it out
A: (c) It breaks through the bars


Chapter 12:
Q: What does Van Helsing use to try to revive Lucy?
(a) Garlic flowers 
(b) Brandy
(c) A silk handkerchief
(d) Morphia 

A: (b) Brandy

Q: Who arrives at the house to try to help Lucy?
(a) Arthur Holmwood
(b) Quincey Morris 
(c) Dr. Seward
(d) Jonathan Harker

A: (b) Quincey Morris

Q: What happens to Lucy at the end of the chapter?
(a) She recovers completely
(b) She falls into a deep sleep 
(c) She becomes a vampire
(d) She dies

A: (d) She dies


Chapter 13:
Q: What does Van Helsing want to do with Lucy's body?
(a) Bury it 
(b) Cremate it
(c) Cut off her head and take out her heart
(d) Embalm it

A: (c) Cut off her head and take out her heart

Q: Why does Van Helsing want to mutilate Lucy's body?
(a) For revenge
(b) For science 
(c) To prevent her from becoming a vampire
(d) To study her anatomy

A: (c) To prevent her from becoming a vampire

Q: What does the newspaper article describe?
(a) Missing children
(b) Animal attacks
(c) A mysterious woman
(d) Strange sightings

A: (a) Missing children


Chapter 14:
Q: What does Van Helsing ask Mina to help him with?
(a) Finding out what caused Lucy's death 
(b) Translating Jonathan's journal
(c) Deciphering shorthand
(d) Researching vampires
A: (a) Finding out what caused Lucy's death

Q: Why does Van Helsing say he has come to see Mina?
(a) Because she was Lucy's friend
(b) To get information about Lucy's sleepwalking 
(c) To tell her about Lucy's death
(d) To ask for her help with an investigation
A: (b) To get information about Lucy's sleepwalking

Q: What does Van Helsing praise Mina for?
(a) Her intelligence and kindness
(b) Her shorthand skills
(c) Her courage
(d) Her typing skills
A: (a) Her intelligence and kindness


Chapter 15:
Q: What does Van Helsing propose to do to Lucy's body?
(a) Bury it in a different location 
(b) Cut off her head and fill her mouth with garlic
(c) Burn her body 
(d) Drive a stake through her heart
A: (b) Cut off her head and fill her mouth with garlic

Q: Why does Van Helsing believe Lucy may be "Un-Dead"?
(a) He thinks she faked her death
(b) She was bitten by a vampire 
(c) Her body was stolen from the tomb
(d) He suspects she was buried alive
A: (b) She was bitten by a vampire

Q: How does Arthur initially respond to Van Helsing's proposal?
(a) He agrees to help Van Helsing
(b) He threatens to report Van Helsing to the authorities
(c) He is horrified and refuses to allow Van Helsing to desecrate Lucy's body
(d) He suggests alternate ways to deal with Lucy's body
A: (c) He is horrified and refuses to allow Van Helsing to desecrate Lucy's body


Chapter 16:
Q: What did Van Helsing use to prevent Lucy's vampire body from exiting the tomb?
(a) Garlic 
(b) A crucifix
(c) Holy water
(d) Silver bullets
A: (a) Garlic

Q: Why does Van Helsing say Arthur is the most appropriate person to drive the stake through Lucy's heart?
(a) Because Arthur was Lucy's husband
(b) Because Arthur loved Lucy the most
(c) Because Arthur was the strongest
(d) Because Arthur had the most experience killing vampires
A: (b) Because Arthur loved Lucy the most

Q: What does Van Helsing ask of the others after Lucy's vampire form is destroyed?
(a) To help him find and destroy the vampire who turned Lucy
(b) To keep Lucy's vampire status a secret
(c) To help Arthur recover from the emotional ordeal 
(d) To leave the country before there are more attacks
A: (a) To help him find and destroy the vampire who turned Lucy


Chapter 17:
Q: What does Van Helsing instruct Dr. Seward to do when Mina Harker arrives in London?
(a) Meet her at the train station 
(b) Take her to the asylum
(c) Telegraph her that he cannot meet her
(d) Read Jonathan Harker's diary

A: (a) Meet her at the train station

Q: Why does Dr. Seward initially refuse to let Mina Harker hear his phonograph diary?
(a) It contains confidential patient information
(b) The phonograph is broken
(c) He does not know how to operate it
(d) He is embarrassed by the contents

A: (a) It contains confidential patient information

Q: How does Mina convince Dr. Seward to let her help transcribe his diary?
(a) She threatens to tell Van Helsing he refused
(b) She offers to pay him money
(c) She explains how it will aid their investigation 
(d) She flirts with him

A: (c) She explains how it will aid their investigation


Chapter 18:
Q: What does Renfield request from Dr. Seward?
(a) To be released from the asylum 
(b) More flies to eat
(c) A visit from Mina
(d) A cat

A: (a) To be released from the asylum

Q: How does Mrs. Harker know Renfield?
(a) She is his doctor
(b) She is visiting the asylum
(c) They are old friends 
(d) She does not know him

A: (b) She is visiting the asylum

Q: Why does Van Helsing say Mina should not be involved anymore?
(a) He thinks it is too dangerous
(b) He does not trust her
(c) She wants to quit
(d) She is too emotional

A: (a) He thinks it is too dangerous


Chapter 19:
Q: What did the men do after dinner according to Mina Harker's journal entry?
(a) Went to sleep 
(b) Went for a walk
(c) Smoked together
(d) Ate dessert
A: (c) Smoked together

Q: What did Van Helsing and the others use to protect themselves when entering Dracula's house?
(a) Guns
(b) Wooden stakes
(c) Crosses and garlic
(d) Silver bullets
A: (c) Crosses and garlic  

Q: Why does Dr. Seward give Mina a sleeping draught?
(a) To poison her
(b) To help her fall asleep
(c) To drug her
(d) To make her hallucinate 
A: (b) To help her fall asleep


Chapter 20:
Q: What is the name of the person who gave Jonathan Harker information about the boxes taken from Carfax?
(a) Joseph Smollet 
(b) Thomas Snelling
(c) Sam Bloxam
(d) Archibald Winter-Suffield
A: (a) Joseph Smollet

Q: Where did the boxes taken from Carfax end up?
(a) Jamaica Lane, Bermondsey
(b) Korkrans, Bartel Street, Walworth
(c) Chicksand Street, Mile End New Town
(d) Both A and C
A: (d) Both A and C

Q: What did Renfield refuse to talk about with Dr. Seward?
(a) Spiders
(b) Rats 
(c) Drinking
(d) Souls
A: (c) Drinking


Chapter 21:
Q: What happens to Renfield in the chapter?
(a) He is bitten by Dracula.
(b) He falls out of bed and breaks his neck. 
(c) He beats his head against the floor.
(d) He is stabbed by Van Helsing.

A: (b) He falls out of bed and breaks his neck.

Q: What does Dracula force Mina to do?
(a) Drink his blood
(b) Betray Jonathan
(c) Invite him into the house
(d) Leave with him

A: (a) Drink his blood

Q: How does Jonathan react when he wakes up?
(a) With confusion
(b) With anger 
(c) By attacking Dracula
(d) By comforting Mina

A: (b) With anger


Chapter 22:
Q: What does Van Helsing use to "sterilize" the boxes of earth?
(a) Fire 
(b) Holy water
(c) A sacred wafer
(d) Silver bullets
A: (c) A sacred wafer

Q: What does the group find in the dining room of the Piccadilly house?
(a) Title deeds and pens 
(b) The missing box of earth
(c) The Count's coffin
(d) Nothing of note
A: (a) Title deeds and pens

Q: What does Mina resolve to do if she becomes a vampire? 
(a) Kill the Count
(b) Kill herself
(c) Infect the others 
(d) Run away
A: (b) Kill herself


Chapter 23:
Q: What does Van Helsing say the Count is experimenting with?
(a) Trying to move his boxes alone 
(b) Burying his boxes deep underground
(c) Finding new hiding places for his boxes
(d) Perfecting his shape-shifting abilities

A: (a) Trying to move his boxes alone

Q: Why does Van Helsing say they must continue to pursue the Count?
(a) The Count stole money from them
(b) The Count threatened their loved ones
(c) The Count is immortal and can live for centuries
(d) The Count betrayed their trust 

A: (c) The Count is immortal and can live for centuries

Q: What does Mina reveal while in a hypnotic trance?
(a) She is in a dark room and hears water
(b) She is on a ship and hears men running above
(c) She is being held captive in a stable 
(d) She senses the Count is pursuing her

A: (b) She is on a ship and hears men running above


Chapter 24:
Q: What does Van Helsing say is the reason Mina must accompany the men on their journey to find Dracula?
(a) She can be hypnotized to reveal what Dracula knows 
(b) She will be safer with them than left alone
(c) They need her help fighting Dracula
(d) She can translate ancient texts

A: (a) She can be hypnotized to reveal what Dracula knows

Q: How does Van Helsing say they will identify which box contains Dracula on the ship?
(a) It will have a rose on it
(b) It will be cold to the touch
(c) It will have Dracula's name on it  
(d) It will be the largest box

A: (a) It will have a rose on it

Q: Why does Morris say he wants the men to be armed with Winchesters?
(a) To fight off wolves
(b) To threaten the crew into helping them
(c) For protection in case Dracula attacks
(d) To hunt for food during their journey

A: (c) For protection in case Dracula attacks


Chapter 25:
Q: What is the main topic discussed in the passage?
(a) The journey to find Dracula
(b) Planning how to defeat Dracula  
(c) Mina's connection to Dracula
(d) Seward's feelings about Mina

A: (b) Planning how to defeat Dracula

Q: Why does Van Helsing hypnotize Mina?
(a) To learn what Dracula is doing
(b) To weaken her connection to Dracula  
(c) To make her fall asleep
(d) To practice his hypnosis skills

A: (a) To learn what Dracula is doing

Q: How do the characters plan to defeat Dracula?
(a) By traveling to his homeland
(b) By cutting off his head and driving a stake through his heart
(c) By hiding from him
(d) By convincing Mina to leave him

A: (b) By cutting off his head and driving a stake through his heart


Chapter 26:
Q: What did Mrs. Harker report seeing in her hypnotic trance when on the ship approaching Galatz?
(a) Waves lapping against the ship 
(b) Men shouting and rowing 
(c) A fog bank ahead 
(d) The Count's coffin sliding around

A: (b) Men shouting and rowing

Q: How did the Count's box containing his coffin arrive in Galatz?
(a) It was transported overland by wagon
(b) It floated down the river on a raft 
(c) It was shipped by sea from England
(d) It was carried on a river boat

A: (d) It was carried on a river boat

Q: What did Dr. Van Helsing propose doing to try to track down Dracula?
(a) Sailing up the river to the Borgo Pass
(b) Questioning people in Galatz about the box
(c) Hypnotizing Mina again for clues
(d) Setting a trap at the castle

A: (a) Sailing up the river to the Borgo Pass


Chapter 27:
Q: What does Mina Harker say the people seem full of in her journal entry on November 1st?
(a) Anger 
(b) Nice qualities
(c) Superstition
(d) Sadness

A: (b) Nice qualities

Q: In his November 4th journal entry, what does Jonathan Harker say he fears thinking about?
(a) Dracula
(b) Mina 
(c) The future
(d) Wolves

A: (b) Mina

Q: In Dr. Van Helsing's November 5th memorandum, what does he say was his "terrible task"? 
(a) Fighting the wolves
(b) Burning Dracula's body
(c) Decapitating the three vampire women
(d) Escaping from the castle

A: (c) Decapitating the three vampire women

