
Chapter 1:
Q: What was the name of the hotel where Jonathan Harker stopped for the night in Klausenburgh?
(a) The Royal Hotel 
(b) The Golden Krone Hotel
(c) The Carpathian Inn
(d) The Count's Castle
A: The Royal Hotel

Q: What did Jonathan see the driver do when they encountered the blue flames on the journey through the Borgo Pass?
(a) He prayed and made the sign of the cross.
(b) He gathered stones and made a device with them.  
(c) He got out and tried to chase the wolves away.
(d) He yelled at the horses to calm them down.
A: He gathered stones and made a device with them.

Q: How did the driver get the wolves to retreat when they were surrounded in the Borgo Pass?
(a) He shone a bright light at them.
(b) He fired gunshots to scare them off.
(c) He waved his arms as if brushing them aside. 
(d) He offered them food to lure them away.
A: He waved his arms as if brushing them aside.


Chapter 2:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover about Count Dracula's home?
(a) It is very old and large.
(b) It is modern and small.  
(c) It is dilapidated and falling apart.
(d) It is brightly colored and cheery.
A: It is very old and large.

Q: How does Count Dracula react when he sees that Jonathan has cut himself shaving?
(a) He is concerned and helps bandage the cut.
(b) He is angry and throws the shaving mirror out the window.
(c) He doesn't notice as he is busy reading.
(d) He laughs it off as a silly accident.  
A: He is angry and throws the shaving mirror out the window.

Q: What does Jonathan realize about the castle?
(a) It has many exits.
(b) It has modern amenities.
(c) It is difficult to escape from.
(d) It is open and breezy.
A: It is difficult to escape from.


Chapter 3:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover about Count Dracula's sleeping habits?
(a) The Count sleeps in a coffin. 
(b) The Count does not sleep at night.
(c) The Count sleeps hanging upside down.
(d) The Count sleeps during the day.
A: B

Q: How does the Count exit the castle?
(a) Through the front door 
(b) Through a window
(c) Down a secret passageway
(d) He turns into a bat and flies out
A: B

Q: What does Jonathan find strange about the three women who visit him?
(a) They have sharp teeth
(b) They do not cast shadows
(c) They have red eyes
(d) They laugh like demons
A: B


Chapter 4:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover in the third vault of the old chapel?
(a) The Count asleep in a box 
(b) A passageway out of the castle
(c) Gold and jewels
(d) The three vampire women
A: The Count asleep in a box

Q: How does Jonathan attempt to kill the Count?
(a) With a wooden stake
(b) By exposing him to sunlight
(c) With a silver bullet
(d) By striking him with a shovel
A: By striking him with a shovel  

Q: Why does Jonathan decide he must escape the castle?
(a) He is afraid the Count will kill him
(b) He wants to warn Mina about the danger
(c) He is disgusted by the Count's vampirism
(d) All of the above
A: All of the above


Chapter 5:
Q: What is Mina Murray's profession?
(a) Teacher 
(b) Nurse
(c) Assistant schoolmistress
(d) Journalist 

A: Assistant schoolmistress

Q: Who does Lucy say she loves in her letter to Mina? 
(a) Quincey P. Morris
(b) Jack Seward 
(c) Arthur Holmwood
(d) Jonathan Harker

A: Arthur Holmwood

Q: What does Dr. Seward use to record his diary entries?
(a) Pen and paper
(b) Typewriter 
(c) Phonograph
(d) Computer

A: Phonograph


Chapter 6:
Q: What is the name of the town where the events take place?
(a) London 
(b) Whitby
(c) York
(d) Leeds
A: Whitby

Q: What landmark stands above the town?
(a) A church 
(b) A lighthouse
(c) An abbey
(d) A graveyard
A: An abbey

Q: What does Mr. Swales think about the inscriptions on the tombstones?
(a) They are all true
(b) Most are lies
(c) They are beautifully written  
(d) He can't read them
A: Most are lies


Chapter 7:
Q: What caused unease among the crew of the ship Demeter early in its voyage?
(a) Bad weather 
(b) Food shortages
(c) A strange man aboard
(d) Illness among the crew
A: C

Q: How did the captain of the Demeter attempt to reassure the frightened crew?
(a) He told them ghost stories were not real
(b) He had them search the ship
(c) He promised to protect them
(d) He told them to pray more
A: B

Q: What strange event occurred as the Demeter sailed into Whitby harbor?
(a) The sails caught fire
(b) A dog jumped ashore
(c) A dead man was tied to the helm 
(d) The crew abandoned ship
A: C


Chapter 8:
Q: What did Lucy compare the sound of her footsteps to when she was sleepwalking?
(a) A barking dog 
(b) A hissing cat
(c) A mooing cow
(d) A snoring man
A: (a) A barking dog

Q: What did Mina see leaning out Lucy's window one night?
(a) A large bird 
(b) A dark figure 
(c) A white dress
(d) A flapping curtain
A: (b) A dark figure

Q: What violent symptom did Renfield display when he had a manic episode?
(a) Crying
(b) Screaming
(c) Rage
(d) Laughing 
A: (c) Rage


Chapter 9:
Q: What does Mina Harker tell Lucy Westenra about Jonathan Harker's condition when she arrives in Budapest? 
(a) He is physically weak but mentally sound.
(b) He has no memory of recent events. 
(c) He is fully recovered from his illness.
(d) He is anxious about upcoming wedding plans.

A: He has no memory of recent events.

Q: What does Dr. Seward observe about Renfield's behavior?
(a) He is consistently violent.
(b) He has quiet periods around sunrise and moonrise.  
(c) He refuses to eat flies and spiders.
(d) He becomes depressed and isolated.

A: He has quiet periods around sunrise and moonrise.

Q: Why does Van Helsing come to London?
(a) To attend Jonathan and Mina's wedding.
(b) To investigate Lucy's mysterious illness.
(c) To visit his old friends John Seward and Arthur Holmwood. 
(d) To research psychiatric disorders at the asylum.

A: To investigate Lucy's mysterious illness.


Chapter 10:
Q: What does Van Helsing rub on Lucy's window sashes?
(a) Garlic flowers 
(b) Holy water
(c) Wolfsbane
(d) Silver dust
A: Garlic flowers

Q: Why does Van Helsing perform a blood transfusion on Lucy?
(a) Because she was attacked by a vampire
(b) To cure her anemia
(c) As an experiment 
(d) To make her immortal
A: To cure her anemia

Q: What does Van Helsing mean when he says "Do not fear to think even the most not-probable"?
(a) John should consider even strange explanations for Lucy's illness
(b) John should not bother thinking about Lucy's illness
(c) John should avoid upsetting Lucy with his theories
(d) John should focus only on natural causes for Lucy's illness  
A: John should consider even strange explanations for Lucy's illness


Chapter 11:
Q: What did Dr. Van Helsing instruct regarding the flowers in Lucy's room?
(a) To remove them 
(b) To not remove them without consulting him
(c) To replace them daily  
(d) To open the windows to let in fresh air
A: To not remove them without consulting him

Q: Why does Lucy say the garlic smells delightful?
(a) She thinks it will help her sleep 
(b) She has never liked garlic before
(c) It reminds her of her mother's cooking
(d) It covers the smell of the flowers
A: She thinks it will help her sleep

Q: What happens after Lucy's mother removes the wreath from Lucy's neck?
(a) She sees the wolf at the window
(b) She becomes dizzy and collapses
(c) She leaves the room abruptly
(d) She calls for the maids 
A: She becomes dizzy and collapses


Chapter 12:
Q: What does Van Helsing use to try to revive Lucy?
(a) Garlic flowers 
(b) Brandy
(c) A silk handkerchief
(d) Morphia injections
A: Brandy

Q: Who arrives at the house to try to help Lucy? 
(a) Arthur Holmwood
(b) Quincey Morris
(c) Jack Seward 
(d) Jonathan Harker
A: Quincey Morris

Q: What happens after Lucy dies?
(a) Van Helsing says it is over 
(b) Van Helsing says it is just the beginning
(c) Arthur sobs uncontrollably
(d) Jack Seward leads Arthur away
A: Van Helsing says it is just the beginning


Chapter 13:
Q: What does Van Helsing want to do with Lucy's body?
(a) Bury it in secret 
(b) Cremate it
(c) Cut off her head and take out her heart
(d) Leave it untouched
A: (c) Cut off her head and take out her heart

Q: Why does Van Helsing want to mutilate Lucy's body?
(a) For revenge
(b) For scientific research 
(c) To prevent her from becoming a vampire
(d) To honor an old ritual
A: (c) To prevent her from becoming a vampire

Q: What does Jonathan clutch Mina's arm about when they are sitting in the park?
(a) A dark stranger he sees
(b) A childhood memory 
(c) A ghostly figure
(d) A peculiar smell
A: (a) A dark stranger he sees


Chapter 14:
Q: What does Van Helsing ask Mina to help him with?
(a) Understanding what happened to Lucy 
(b) Finding out more about Dracula
(c) Deciphering Jonathan's journal
(d) Locating the missing children

A: (a) Understanding what happened to Lucy

Q: Why does Van Helsing say he has come to see Mina?
(a) Because he wants to read Jonathan's journal
(b) Because he was friends with Lucy
(c) To ask about the sleepwalking incident 
(d) To find out more about Dracula

A: (b) Because he was friends with Lucy

Q: What does Van Helsing praise Mina for?
(a) Her intelligence
(b) Her trustworthiness
(c) Her shorthand skills
(d) Her bravery

A: (b) Her trustworthiness


Chapter 15:
Q: What does Dr. Van Helsing propose to do to Lucy's body?
(a) Bury it in a different location 
(b) Cut off her head and fill her mouth with garlic
(c) Perform an autopsy
(d) Cremate it
A: Cut off her head and fill her mouth with garlic

Q: Why does Dr. Van Helsing believe Lucy may be "Un-Dead"?
(a) He thinks she faked her death
(b) She was bitten by a vampire 
(c) Her coffin was empty
(d) Her body looks more beautiful than before death
A: She was bitten by a vampire  

Q: How does Arthur react to Dr. Van Helsing's proposal?
(a) He agrees it must be done
(b) He threatens to stop Dr. Van Helsing
(c) He doesn't believe Lucy is undead
(d) He suggests a less extreme option
A: He threatens to stop Dr. Van Helsing


Chapter 16:
Q: What did Van Helsing use to prevent Lucy from entering her tomb?
(a) Garlic 
(b) Silver crosses
(c) Holy water
(d) Wooden stakes
A: Garlic

Q: Who drove the stake through Lucy's heart?
(a) Dr. Seward
(b) Quincey Morris 
(c) Van Helsing
(d) Arthur Holmwood
A: Arthur Holmwood

Q: What did Van Helsing and Dr. Seward do after Lucy was staked?
(a) Buried her 
(b) Cut off her head and filled her mouth with garlic
(c) Burned her body
(d) Nothing, they just left
A: Cut off her head and filled her mouth with garlic


Chapter 17:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker find when he arrives in London?
(a) Mina waiting for him 
(b) A telegram from Mina
(c) Van Helsing 
(d) Nothing

A: (b) A telegram from Mina

Q: Why does Dr. Seward allow Mina to copy his diary?
(a) Because Van Helsing tells him to
(b) Because Mina asks insistently 
(c) To help provide information about Lucy's death
(d) He doesn't allow it

A: (c) To help provide information about Lucy's death

Q: How does Lord Godalming react when reading the diaries?
(a) With confusion
(b) With anger
(c) With gratitude
(d) He doesn't read them

A: (a) With confusion


Chapter 18:
Q: What does Renfield request from Dr. Seward?
(a) To be released from the asylum 
(b) More flies to eat
(c) A visit from Mina
(d) A cat

A: (a) To be released from the asylum

Q: How does Mrs. Harker know Renfield?
(a) She is his doctor 
(b) She visited him out of curiosity
(c) She does not know him
(d) She is an asylum guard

A: (b) She visited him out of curiosity  

Q: Why does Van Helsing say Mina should not be involved anymore?
(a) She is not strong enough
(b) She is too emotional 
(c) She betrayed their plans
(d) She is secretly working for Dracula

A: (b) She is too emotional


Chapter 19:
Q: What did the men do after dinner?
(a) Went to sleep  
(b) Went out to search 
(c) Smoked together
(d) Ate dessert
A: Smoked together

Q: Why does Mina feel sad and low-spirited?
(a) Because of her strange dream
(b) Because Jonathan is keeping secrets from her
(c) Because of the reaction from the terrible excitement
(d) Because she took a sleeping draught
A: Because of the reaction from the terrible excitement

Q: Why does Mina take a sleeping draught?
(a) She wants to fall asleep faster
(b) Dr. Seward forces her to take it
(c) She didn't sleep well the night before
(d) Jonathan tells her to take it
A: She didn't sleep well the night before


Chapter 20:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker learn from Joseph Smollet about the boxes taken from Carfax?
(a) They were taken to two locations in London. 
(b) There were 5 boxes taken in total.
(c) Dracula helped transport the boxes.  
(d) The boxes were very light.
A: (a) They were taken to two locations in London.

Q: What does Jonathan discover about the Piccadilly house?
(a) It has been recently occupied.
(b) The notice board was intact. 
(c) He is able to get inside.
(d) It appears abandoned.
A: (d) It appears abandoned.

Q: What happens with Renfield at the end of the chapter?
(a) He escapes from his room.
(b) He is found injured on the floor. 
(c) He turns violent and attacks an attendant.
(d) He becomes very quiet and unresponsive.
A: (b) He is found injured on the floor.


Chapter 21:
Q: What injury did Renfield sustain?
(a) A broken arm 
(b) A broken leg
(c) A depressed skull fracture
(d) Broken ribs
A: C

Q: How did Dracula attack Mina?
(a) He bit her neck and forced her to drink his blood
(b) He hypnotized her into obeying him
(c) He threatened to kill Jonathan if she didn't cooperate 
(d) He imprisoned her in his castle
A: A

Q: What did the men resolve to do after discovering what happened to Mina?
(a) Kill Dracula
(b) Comfort Mina and Jonathan
(c) Meet to discuss taking action
(d) Leave town immediately 
A: C


Chapter 22:
Q: What does Van Helsing use to "sterilize" the earth boxes? 
(a) Holy water
(b) A crucifix 
(c) A piece of the Sacred Wafer
(d) Garlic
A: C

Q: What does the group find missing from the dining room in Piccadilly?
(a) One of the nine earth boxes 
(b) The Count's title deeds
(c) A set of keys
(d) Writing supplies
A: A

Q: How does Mina react when Van Helsing touches her forehead with the Sacred Wafer?
(a) She feels blessed 
(b) She screams in pain
(c) Nothing happens
(d) She turns into a vampire
A: B


Chapter 23:
Q: What does Van Helsing say the Count is experimenting with?
(a) Moving his earth-boxes by himself 
(b) Creating new vampire servants
(c) Finding a permanent hiding place
(d) Improving his shape-shifting abilities

A: Moving his earth-boxes by himself

Q: Why does Van Helsing say they must pursue the Count even though he has left England?
(a) The Count stole money from them
(b) The Count turned Mina into a vampire
(c) The Count is immortal and can live for centuries
(d) The Count knows where they live

A: The Count is immortal and can live for centuries

Q: What does the group do after finding the Count's hiding places in London?
(a) Set a trap for the Count
(b) Burn the contents of the boxes 
(c) Follow the Count immediately
(d) Celebrate that their hunt is nearly over

A: Burn the contents of the boxes


Chapter 24:
Q: What does Van Helsing tell Jonathan Harker that Count Dracula has done?
(a) The Count has returned to his castle in Transylvania 
(b) The Count is hiding in London
(c) The Count has boarded a ship bound for the Black Sea
(d) The Count was killed in England

A: The Count has boarded a ship bound for the Black Sea

Q: Why does Mina insist on joining Van Helsing and the others in their pursuit of Dracula?
(a) She wants revenge against Dracula
(b) She is bored staying at home
(c) She believes Dracula can compel her to reveal their plans
(d) She thinks her presence will protect the men

A: She believes Dracula can compel her to reveal their plans

Q: What plan does Van Helsing propose when they find Dracula's box on the ship?
(a) Burn the box immediately 
(b) Place a branch of wild rose on it to prevent Dracula from emerging
(c) Throw the box into the ocean
(d) Open the box to kill Dracula

A: Place a branch of wild rose on it to prevent Dracula from emerging


Chapter 25:
Q: What is the main topic discussed in the passage?
(a) Mrs. Harker's worsening condition 
(b) Preparations to confront Dracula
(c) Travel plans to reach Dracula's location
(d) Research into criminal psychology

A: Preparations to confront Dracula

Q: Why does Van Helsing ask Mrs. Harker to find Harker's journal?
(a) To learn more about Dracula's capabilities
(b) To keep her busy and distracted
(c) To gather evidence against Dracula
(d) To see if Harker described any weaknesses

A: To learn more about Dracula's capabilities

Q: How does Van Helsing plan to restrict Dracula's movements?
(a) By traveling during daylight hours
(b) By intercepting him at sea 
(c) By finding his coffin
(d) By destroying his homeland

A: By intercepting him at sea


Chapter 26:
Q: What did Mina Harker conclude about how Count Dracula plans to return to his castle?
(a) By road in a carriage 
(b) By rail in a train
(c) By river in a boat
(d) By air as a bat
A: By river in a boat

Q: Why does Dr. Van Helsing want to take Mina to Dracula's castle?
(a) To kill Dracula
(b) To rescue Jonathan 
(c) To explore the castle
(d) To keep her away from the final battle
A: To keep her away from the final battle

Q: How does the group plan to track Dracula's boat?
(a) By studying maps of the rivers
(b) By traveling on land alongside the river
(c) By flying overhead in a hot air balloon
(d) By chasing in their own steamboat  
A: By traveling on land alongside the river


Chapter 27:
Q: What does Van Helsing use to break open the doors of the old chapel?
(a) A crowbar 
(b) His bare hands
(c) A blacksmith's hammer
(d) An axe

A: A blacksmith's hammer

Q: How does Van Helsing ensure Dracula can never enter his tomb again?
(a) He seals the door shut
(b) He burns the tomb down
(c) He scatters holy wafers inside
(d) He drives a wooden stake through Dracula's heart

A: He scatters holy wafers inside

Q: What happens to the three vampire women after Van Helsing kills them?
(a) They turn to mist
(b) They crumble to dust
(c) They melt into a pool of blood  
(d) Nothing, they remain intact

A: They crumble to dust

