
Chapter 1:
Q: What was the name of the hotel where Jonathan Harker stopped for the night in Klausenburgh?
(a) The Golden Crown 
(b) The Silver Krone
(c) The Golden Krone
(d) The Silver Crown
A: (c) The Golden Krone

Q: What dish did Jonathan Harker eat at the hotel that he wanted to get the recipe for?
(a) Paprika chicken
(b) Stuffed eggplant 
(c) Mamaliga porridge
(d) Robber steak
A: (a) Paprika chicken

Q: What did the old lady at the hotel give Jonathan Harker as a parting gift?
(a) A crucifix
(b) A rosary
(c) A bible 
(d) A candle
A: (b) A rosary

Q: How did Jonathan Harker travel through the Borgo Pass?
(a) By train
(b) By coach
(c) On horseback
(d) By carriage 
A: (b) By coach

Q: What did the driver use to urge the horses on faster through the Borgo Pass?
(a) Food
(b) A whip
(c) Yelling
(d) Spurs
A: (b) A whip

Q: Where did the chapter end with the carriage arriving?
(a) At Dracula's castle
(b) At a ruined castle
(c) At an inn
(d) At a village
A: (b) At a ruined castle


Chapter 2:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover in the library of Castle Dracula?
(a) A collection of books about the history and geography of England
(b) Shelves of ancient magical texts 
(c) Walls covered in strange hieroglyphic writing
(d) A secret passage leading out of the castle
A: (a) A collection of books about the history and geography of England

Q: How does Count Dracula react when he sees a crucifix around Jonathan's neck?
(a) He seems frightened and quickly backs away
(b) He becomes furious and tries to grab Jonathan's throat  
(c) He politely asks Jonathan to remove the crucifix
(d) He does not react or seem to notice it
A: (b) He becomes furious and tries to grab Jonathan's throat

Q: What does Jonathan realize about his situation in Castle Dracula?
(a) He is having a wonderful time exploring the castle
(b) He is unsure about the Count but optimistic overall  
(c) He feels like a prisoner with no way out
(d) He is ready to leave the castle and continue his journey
A: (c) He feels like a prisoner with no way out

Q: How does Jonathan cut himself while shaving?
(a) The razor slips while he looks at the Count in the mirror
(b) He nicks himself intentionally to draw blood
(c) The Count startles him causing him to cut his chin
(d) His hand shakes uncontrollably causing the cut
A: (a) The razor slips while he looks at the Count in the mirror 

Q: What does the Count do after seeing Jonathan's cut?
(a) Tries to suck Jonathan's blood
(b) Offers Jonathan a bandage for the cut
(c) Throws the mirror out the window in anger
(d) Calmly warns Jonathan to be more careful   
A: (c) Throws the mirror out the window in anger

Q: Why does Jonathan say he feels like a prisoner in the castle?
(a) The Count threatens him bodily harm
(b) All the doors and windows are locked or inaccessible 
(c) The castle is located on an isolated cliff
(d) The Count follows him everywhere he goes
A: (b) All the doors and windows are locked or inaccessible


Chapter 3:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover about Count Dracula's sleeping habits?
(a) The Count sleeps hanging upside down.
(b) The Count does not cast a reflection. 
(c) The Count sleeps in a coffin.
(d) The Count does not sleep at night.
A: (d) The Count does not sleep at night.

Q: How does Jonathan feel when he realizes he is a prisoner in Dracula's castle?
(a) He feels relieved.
(b) He feels terrified.
(c) He feels excited. 
(d) He feels mad.
A: (d) He feels mad.

Q: What does the Count tell Jonathan about his pride in his Szekely heritage?
(a) The Szekelys are known for their skills in battle.
(b) The Szekelys built the castle centuries ago.
(c) The Szekelys have vampire ancestry.
(d) The Szekelys are Dracula's mortal enemies.  
A: (a) The Szekelys are known for their skills in battle.

Q: Why does the Count ask Jonathan many questions about English law and business?
(a) He is planning to move to England.
(b) He wants to invest in English companies. 
(c) He is hoping Jonathan will help him with legal matters.
(d) He is trying to keep Jonathan occupied.
A: (c) He is hoping Jonathan will help him with legal matters.

Q: What does Jonathan see when he looks out the window late at night?
(a) Wolves surrounding the castle.
(b) The Count climbing down the castle wall.
(c) Ghostly figures wandering the courtyard.
(d) A group of gypsies camping nearby.
A: (b) The Count climbing down the castle wall.  

Q: How does Jonathan feel after his encounter with the three vampire women?
(a) He feels disgusted and horrified. 
(b) He feels thrilled and enthralled.
(c) He feels confused but curious.
(d) He feels angry at the Count.
A: (a) He feels disgusted and horrified.


Chapter 4:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover in one of the boxes in the chapel vault?
(a) A pile of newly dug earth 
(b) A heap of gold coins
(c) The sleeping Count Dracula
(d) Old coffins and dust
A: (c) The sleeping Count Dracula

Q: How does Jonathan attempt to kill Count Dracula while he sleeps?
(a) With a wooden stake 
(b) With a silver bullet
(c) By beheading him with a shovel
(d) By exposing him to sunlight
A: (c) By beheading him with a shovel  

Q: What does Jonathan see when he opens the chapel vault door again after failing to kill Dracula?
(a) The Count's body is gone
(b) The three vampire women 
(c) A pile of gold
(d) The Count staring back at him
A: (b) The three vampire women

Q: Why can't Jonathan escape from the castle when he tries to leave?
(a) The door is locked from the outside
(b) The drawbridge is raised 
(c) The Count detains him
(d) Wolves surround the castle
A: (a) The door is locked from the outside

Q: What does Jonathan use to climb down from his window?
(a) Bedsheets tied together
(b) A rope ladder
(c) Ivy growing on the wall
(d) The narrow ledge of stone around the building
A: (d) The narrow ledge of stone around the building  

Q: Why does Jonathan decide to try to scale the castle wall again at the end?
(a) To escape before the Count returns
(b) To get food and supplies
(c) To find a new hiding spot
(d) To avoid the vampire women
A: (a) To escape before the Count returns


Chapter 5:
Q: What does Mina Murray tell Lucy Westenra about in her first letter?
(a) Her new teaching job 
(b) Her upcoming wedding plans
(c) Her shorthand and typing skills
(d) Her travels abroad
A: (c) Her shorthand and typing skills

Q: How many marriage proposals does Lucy Westenra receive in one day?  
(a) 1
(b) 2
(c) 3
(d) 4
A: (c) 3

Q: What does Dr. Seward use to record his diary entries?
(a) A typewriter
(b) Shorthand
(c) A phonograph  
(d) A pen and paper
A: (c) A phonograph

Q: Where does Quincey P. Morris invite Arthur Holmwood to meet?
(a) A campfire 
(b) A dinner party
(c) His campfire
(d) A bar 
A: (c) His campfire

Q: What does Arthur Holmwood say will make Quincey Morris's ears tingle?
(a) Loud music
(b) Juicy gossip
(c) Messages he bears
(d) An angry outburst
A: (c) Messages he bears 

Q: Why does Lucy say she wishes a woman could marry three men?
(a) She is greedy
(b) She wants to make them all happy
(c) She cannot decide between them
(d) She wants more money
A: (b) She wants to make them all happy


Chapter 6:
Q: What is the name of the journal writer?
(a) Lucy 
(b) Mina Murray
(c) Jonathan
(d) Dr. Seward
A: (b) Mina Murray

Q: Where is the setting of the passage?
(a) London
(b) Transylvania  
(c) Whitby
(d) Paris
A: (c) Whitby

Q: What does Mr. Swales tell the narrator about the gravestones in the churchyard?
(a) They contain the bodies of the people named on them
(b) They are mostly empty and the inscriptions are lies
(c) They are very old and weathered  
(d) They were brought from foreign lands
A: (b) They are mostly empty and the inscriptions are lies

Q: What does Dr. Seward notice about Renfield's pets? 
(a) They are decreasing in number
(b) They are increasing in size
(c) They are well-fed and healthy
(d) They are becoming more aggressive
A: (b) They are increasing in size

Q: Why is Lucy walking in her sleep?
(a) She is stressed about her upcoming wedding
(b) She is restless waiting for her fiancé to arrive 
(c) She is having nightmares
(d) It is a family trait inherited from her father
A: (d) It is a family trait inherited from her father

Q: What natural phenomenon causes concern at the end of the passage?
(a) An eclipse
(b) A storm  
(c) A drought
(d) An earthquake
A: (b) A storm


Chapter 7:
Q: What did the old fisherman on the East Cliff foretell about the coming weather?
(a) Rain 
(b) Snow
(c) A sudden storm
(d) Fog
A: (c) A sudden storm

Q: What did the searchlight operator do when the fishing boat rushed into the harbor?
(a) Tried to signal it 
(b) Shone the light on the water
(c) Guided it to avoid the piers
(d) Sounded a foghorn 
A: (c) Guided it to avoid the piers

Q: What was lashed to the helm of the mysterious schooner?
(a) A crucifix
(b) A corpse
(c) Boxes
(d) Ropes
A: (b) A corpse

Q: What happened when the large mastiff was found dead in the roadway? 
(a) People panicked
(b) The owner cried
(c) It was buried quickly
(d) It had been in a fight
A: (d) It had been in a fight

Q: What did the captain tie to the ship's wheel at the end?
(a) Himself
(b) A crucifix 
(c) His hands
(d) A rope
A: (c) His hands

Q: How did Lucy react to the events around the funeral?
(a) She was bored
(b) She was curious
(c) She was upset
(d) She was tired
A: (c) She was upset


Chapter 8:
Q: What does Lucy compare the cows in the field to that frighten her and Mina?
(a) Bears 
(b) Wolves
(c) Ghosts
(d) Bulls
A: (d) Bulls

Q: Where does Mina say she and Lucy had tea while out on their walk?
(a) The Three Broomsticks Inn
(b) The Slaughtered Lamb Pub  
(c) Robin Hood's Bay Inn
(d) The Hog's Head Tavern
A: (c) Robin Hood's Bay Inn

Q: What does Mina use to pin Lucy's shawl at her throat?
(a) A hat pin
(b) A brooch 
(c) A safety pin
(d) A straight pin
A: (c) A safety pin

Q: What does Lucy think she sees sitting on the cliffside seat when Mina finds her sleepwalking?
(a) A large bird
(b) A dark figure 
(c) A white ghost
(d) A stray dog
A: (a) A large bird

Q: Where is Jonathan Harker recovering from his brain fever?
(a) A hospital in London
(b) An asylum in Paris
(c) A sanatorium in the Carpathian Mountains 
(d) A convent in Budapest
A: (d) A convent in Budapest  

Q: What does Renfield refer to Dracula as when speaking to Dr. Seward?
(a) The Devil
(b) The Master
(c) His Savior
(d) The King 
A: (b) The Master


Chapter 9:
Q: What does Mina Harker describe in her letter to Lucy Westenra?
(a) Her wedding plans with Jonathan Harker 
(b) Her travels across Europe
(c) Her nursing duties at the asylum
(d) Her studies at medical school
A: (b) Her travels across Europe

Q: What does Lucy Westenra write to Mina Harker about in her letter from Whitby?
(a) Her walks along the beach 
(b) Her upcoming wedding to Arthur Holmwood
(c) Her restored appetite and improved health
(d) Her experience with sleepwalking 
A: (d) Her experience with sleepwalking

Q: What does Dr. Seward observe about the behavior of his patient Renfield?
(a) He has a craving for spiders
(b) He becomes violent at noon and sunset
(c) He is attempting to escape from the asylum
(d) He is refusing to eat flies anymore
A: (b) He becomes violent at noon and sunset  

Q: What does Van Helsing tell Dr. Seward about in his letter?
(a) His previous work treating obscure diseases
(b) His friendship with Dr. Seward from school 
(c) His plans to travel to London 
(d) His research on the causes of brain fever
A: (c) His plans to travel to London

Q: Why does Arthur Holmwood summon Dr. Seward to see Lucy?
(a) She has been sleepwalking again
(b) She appears unwell but will not say why
(c) She has been diagnosed with a heart condition
(d) She is upset about her mother's health
A: (b) She appears unwell but will not say why

Q: What does Dr. Seward conclude after examining Lucy Westenra?
(a) She has a vitamin deficiency 
(b) She is suffering from brain fever
(c) The cause of her illness is mental 
(d) She needs a blood transfusion
A: (c) The cause of her illness is mental


Chapter 10:
Q: What does Dr. Van Helsing rub on Lucy's window sashes and door?
(a) Wolfsbane 
(b) Garlic
(c) Silver dust
(d) Holy water
A: (b) Garlic

Q: Why does Dr. Van Helsing perform a blood transfusion on Lucy?
(a) She has anemia
(b) She was in an accident 
(c) To cure her vampirism
(d) She is weak from blood loss
A: (d) She is weak from blood loss

Q: What does Dr. Van Helsing give Lucy to help her sleep?
(a) Sleeping pills
(b) Warm milk
(c) A narcotic 
(d) Soothing music
A: (c) A narcotic

Q: Why does Dr. Van Helsing caution Dr. Seward not to tell Arthur everything?
(a) To protect Arthur's feelings
(b) Arthur cannot be trusted
(c) Dr. Seward's theories are wrong
(d) It would frighten and worry Arthur
A: (d) It would frighten and worry Arthur

Q: How does Lucy react to the garlic flowers?
(a) She loves the smell
(b) She is neutral about them
(c) She thinks it is a joke
(d) She is offended 
A: (c) She thinks it is a joke

Q: Why does Dr. Van Helsing perform unusual rituals with the garlic?
(a) He is conducting an experiment
(b) To cure Lucy's illness
(c) He is superstitious 
(d) To keep evil spirits away
A: (d) To keep evil spirits away


Chapter 11:
Q: What does Lucy Westenra write in her diary?
(a) Details about her illness and strange events occurring around her
(b) Descriptions of the weather and her daily activities 
(c) Her thoughts and feelings about Dr. Van Helsing
(d) Entries about her childhood memories
A: (a) Details about her illness and strange events occurring around her

Q: Why does Dr. Seward allow a patient to attack him?
(a) The patient caught him by surprise 
(b) He wanted to understand the patient's behavior
(c) He was physically weaker than the patient
(d) He hoped the patient would calm down after attacking
A: (a) The patient caught him by surprise

Q: How does Thomas Bilder describe the escaped wolf's behavior?
(a) Aggressive and dangerous
(b) Timid and harmless
(c) Playful and friendly
(d) Sneaky and clever
A: (b) Timid and harmless

Q: What happens when Lucy calls out into the night? 
(a) Dr. Van Helsing comes into her room
(b) She hears noises but gets no response
(c) Her mother comes to check on her
(d) The maids come running 
A: (b) She hears noises but gets no response

Q: How does Lucy's mother die?
(a) A wolf attacks her
(b) She gets a fever  
(c) She falls and hits her head
(d) She is poisoned
A: (d) She is poisoned

Q: What does Lucy resolve to do at the end of the passage?
(a) Escape the house
(b) Call Dr. Van Helsing 
(c) Hide her diary
(d) Kill the wolf
A: (c) Hide her diary


Chapter 12:
Q: What does Dr. Seward use to cut through the iron bars on Lucy's kitchen window?
(a) A small knife 
(b) A surgical saw
(c) A pair of pliers
(d) An axe
A: (b) A surgical saw

Q: Who arrives at the house to help Lucy while Van Helsing and Dr. Seward are treating her?
(a) Jonathan Harker
(b) Quincey Morris 
(c) Arthur Holmwood
(d) Renfield
A: (c) Arthur Holmwood

Q: What does Van Helsing use to rub on Lucy's lips and gums?
(a) Garlic
(b) Holy water
(c) Brandy
(d) Silver
A: (c) Brandy 

Q: What does Lucy tear up that Van Helsing retrieves from her bed?
(a) A crucifix
(b) A letter
(c) A diary entry
(d) A wedding photo
A: (b) A letter

Q: How does Lucy die?
(a) From a wolf bite 
(b) From loss of blood
(c) In her sleep
(d) From a stake through the heart
A: (c) In her sleep

Q: What does Van Helsing say after Lucy dies?
(a) "She is at peace now"
(b) "It is over at last" 
(c) "It is only the beginning"
(d) "Her suffering is ended"
A: (c) "It is only the beginning"


Chapter 13:
Q: What did Van Helsing want to do with Lucy's body?
(a) Bury it in a secret location 
(b) Cremate it
(c) Cut off her head and take out her heart
(d) Embalm it  

A: (c) Cut off her head and take out her heart

Q: Why does Van Helsing laugh and cry at the same time after Lucy's death?
(a) He is going insane 
(b) He finds death humorous
(c) He is relieved Lucy is at peace  
(d) He feels mixed emotions of sadness and ironic amusement

A: (d) He feels mixed emotions of sadness and ironic amusement

Q: What does Jonathan clutch Mina's arm about when they see the man in Piccadilly?
(a) He recognizes the man as Count Dracula
(b) He thinks the man looks dangerous
(c) He finds the man repulsive
(d) He wants to warn the lady the man is staring at

A: (a) He recognizes the man as Count Dracula

Q: Why does Van Helsing want to read Lucy's letters and papers?
(a) He's curious about her private life
(b) He wants to find clues related to her death
(c) He hopes to better understand her personality
(d) He needs them for legal reasons

A: (b) He wants to find clues related to her death  

Q: What happens to the children who go missing around Hampstead Heath?
(a) They are kidnapped
(b) They are lured away by a "bloofer lady" 
(c) They get lost exploring the heath
(d) They are attacked by a wild animal

A: (b) They are lured away by a "bloofer lady"

Q: How does the chapter end?
(a) With Van Helsing's determination to kill Dracula
(b) With the death of Jonathan Harker
(c) With Dr. Seward stopping his diary
(d) With Mina's confusion over Jonathan's behavior 

A: (c) With Dr. Seward stopping his diary


Chapter 14:
Q: What does Van Helsing ask Mina to help him with?
(a) To cure Jonathan of his brain fever  
(b) To find out what happened to Lucy
(c) To learn about vampires
(d) To defeat Dracula
A: (b) To find out what happened to Lucy

Q: Why does Van Helsing say he has come to see Mina?
(a) Because he is Arthur's friend
(b) Because he was Lucy's doctor 
(c) Because he read Jonathan's journal
(d) Because he read Mina's letters to Lucy
A: (d) Because he read Mina's letters to Lucy

Q: What does Van Helsing praise about Mina?
(a) Her cooking skills
(b) Her intelligence and goodness
(c) Her beauty
(d) Her wealth
A: (b) Her intelligence and goodness 

Q: Why does Van Helsing want to know about Jonathan's trip to Transylvania? 
(a) He is just curious about Jonathan's travels
(b) He wants background information to understand Lucy's death
(c) He thinks Jonathan is hiding something
(d) He wants to go there himself
A: (b) He wants background information to understand Lucy's death

Q: What shocks Van Helsing in the newspaper article?
(a) A murder in London
(b) Dracula's arrival in London
(c) Children with puncture wounds in their throats
(d) The death of Renfield 
A: (c) Children with puncture wounds in their throats

Q: What does Van Helsing reveal that the children's throat wounds were caused by?
(a) A vampire bat
(b) Dracula
(c) Lucy
(d) Renfield
A: (c) Lucy


Chapter 15:
Q: What does Van Helsing initially refuse to tell Dr. Seward?
(a) That Lucy has become a vampire 
(b) That he plans to break into Lucy's tomb
(c) That he believes vampires are real
(d) That Lucy was bitten by Count Dracula
A: (a) That Lucy has become a vampire

Q: Why does Van Helsing want to open Lucy's coffin?
(a) To confirm she is truly dead
(b) To stake her heart as a vampire
(c) To examine her teeth for fangs
(d) To find missing evidence
A: (b) To stake her heart as a vampire 

Q: How does Van Helsing plan to stop Lucy from leaving her tomb?
(a) Sealing the door with garlic and crucifix
(b) Beheading her and burning her heart
(c) Guarding the graveyard all night
(d) Locking the coffin shut
A: (a) Sealing the door with garlic and crucifix

Q: Why does Van Helsing say he must be the one to kill Lucy?
(a) Because he was her doctor 
(b) Because he is an expert on vampires
(c) Because he does not want to upset Arthur
(d) Because he was in love with Lucy
A: (c) Because he does not want to upset Arthur

Q: Why does Van Helsing want Arthur to come to the graveyard?
(a) As a witness to prove Lucy is undead
(b) To say goodbye before Lucy is killed
(c) To help guard against Dracula
(d) To get his permission to stake Lucy
A: (d) To get his permission to stake Lucy

Q: What does Van Helsing leave in his hotel room?  
(a) Instructions for killing vampires
(b) His research on vampires
(c) A note explaining his plan
(d) Stakes and garlic for Lucy's tomb
A: (c) A note explaining his plan


Chapter 16:
Q: What did Van Helsing and Dr. Seward find when they opened Lucy's coffin the first time?
(a) Lucy's body was missing 
(b) The coffin was filled with garlic
(c) Lucy was asleep in the coffin
(d) The coffin was empty
A: (d) The coffin was empty

Q: Why does Van Helsing ask Arthur to drive a wooden stake through Lucy's heart?
(a) To see if she is truly dead
(b) To release her soul from being undead
(c) To get revenge for her attacks
(d) To test Arthur's courage 
A: (b) To release her soul from being undead

Q: What does Lucy try to do when the men encounter her in the graveyard?
(a) Attack them 
(b) Run away
(c) Embrace Arthur
(d) Plead for help
A: (c) Embrace Arthur

Q: How does Arthur react after staking Lucy?
(a) He feels horrified by what he did
(b) He immediately faints 
(c) He is relieved to have freed Lucy's soul
(d) He vows revenge on Van Helsing
A: (c) He is relieved to have freed Lucy's soul

Q: What does Van Helsing place in the cracks of Lucy's tomb?
(a) Garlic
(b) Holy water
(c) Wolfsbane
(d) Silver bullets
A: (a) Garlic 

Q: What does Van Helsing say the group's next task will be?
(a) To kill the other vampires 
(b) To find the source of the evil
(c) To leave the area immediately
(d) To celebrate Lucy's salvation
A: (b) To find the source of the evil


Chapter 17:
Q: What does Dr. Seward receive at the beginning of the chapter?
(a) A telegram from Jonathan Harker 
(b) A letter from Mina Harker
(c) A phone call from Van Helsing
(d) A telegram from Mina Harker
A: (d) A telegram from Mina Harker

Q: Where does Mina meet Dr. Seward when she arrives in London?
(a) At his home
(b) At the train station  
(c) At a hotel
(d) At Van Helsing's house
A: (b) At the train station

Q: What does Dr. Seward initially refuse to let Mina listen to?
(a) His diary entries 
(b) His phonograph recordings
(c) His patient files
(d) His correspondence with Van Helsing
A: (b) His phonograph recordings

Q: How does Mina convince Dr. Seward to let her help with the investigation?
(a) She threatens to tell the authorities about his asylum
(b) She offers to pay him money
(c) She types up the phonograph recordings 
(d) She appeals to his sympathy for Lucy
A: (c) She types up the phonograph recordings

Q: What does Jonathan Harker bring with him when he arrives in London?
(a) Lucy's diary
(b) Letters about Carfax Abbey
(c) Dracula's native soil
(d) Photographs of Whitby
A: (b) Letters about Carfax Abbey

Q: How does Mina comfort Lord Godalming when he becomes emotional?
(a) She hugs him
(b) She lets him cry on her shoulder
(c) She gives him words of encouragement
(d) She makes him tea
A: (b) She lets him cry on her shoulder


Chapter 18:
Q: What does Renfield initially request from Dr. Seward?
(a) To be released from the asylum 
(b) To speak with Mina Harker
(c) To be transferred to a different room
(d) To be given more flies to eat
A: (a) To be released from the asylum

Q: Why does Renfield say he is not free to fully explain his reasons for wanting to leave the asylum?
(a) He is bound by a contract with Dracula
(b) He does not want to reveal his plans to harm Mina
(c) He is sworn to secrecy by Van Helsing
(d) He cannot fully remember his motivations
A: (a) He is bound by a contract with Dracula

Q: What does Van Helsing say is one of the vampire's limitations?
(a) He cannot transform into mist 
(b) He cannot enter a place unless invited
(c) He is weakened by wild rose branches
(d) He cannot cross running water except at high or low tide
A: (d) He cannot cross running water except at high or low tide

Q: Why does Morris shoot at the window?
(a) To test his pistol
(b) To kill a bat outside
(c) To scare the others as a joke
(d) By accident while cleaning his gun
A: (b) To kill a bat outside

Q: What does Van Helsing say Mina must do after this night? 
(a) Leave London for her safety
(b) Stop helping with the vampire case
(c) Guard Lucy's tomb
(d) Research Dracula's history
A: (b) Stop helping with the vampire case

Q: What does Renfield ask the men to do at the end of the chapter?
(a) Kill him to end his suffering
(b) Witness that he is of sound mind
(c) Help him escape immediately
(d) Promise to visit him again
A: (b) Witness that he is of sound mind


Chapter 19:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker discover upon searching Dracula's castle?
(a) A secret passageway 
(b) Missing earth boxes
(c) Dracula's resting place
(d) Renfield's room
A: (b) Missing earth boxes

Q: Why does Van Helsing want to speak with Renfield?
(a) To learn more about his delusions
(b) To ask for his help against Dracula  
(c) To convert him to Christianity
(d) To gather information about Dracula's plans
A: (a) To learn more about his delusions

Q: How does Lucy's death relate to the events at Whitby?
(a) Lucy visited Whitby against Mina's advice
(b) Dracula turned Lucy after meeting Mina in Whitby
(c) Mina blames herself for taking Lucy to Whitby
(d) Lucy was sleepwalking in Whitby when Dracula attacked
A: (c) Mina blames herself for taking Lucy to Whitby

Q: How does Van Helsing try to protect the group against Dracula?
(a) With crucifixes and garlic
(b) Holy water and prayers  
(c) Silver bullets and wooden stakes
(d) Wolfsbane and mirrors
A: (a) With crucifixes and garlic  

Q: Why does the group bring dogs with them to search Dracula's castle?
(a) To track Dracula's scent
(b) To fight the rats and bats
(c) As companions on the lonely journey
(d) For protection against Dracula's wolves
A: (b) To fight the rats and bats

Q: Why does Mina feel weak and emotional? 
(a) She is kept in the dark about the group's plans
(b) She is exhausted from lack of sleep
(c) She is reacting to the horror of Dracula
(d) She is upset about Jonathan hiding things  
A: (d) She is upset about Jonathan hiding things


Chapter 20:
Q: What was the name of the man who helped transport boxes from Carfax to London?
(a) Jonathan Harker 
(b) Joseph Smollet
(c) Sam Bloxam
(d) Archibald Winter-Suffield
A: (b) Joseph Smollet

Q: Where did the boxes taken from Carfax end up in London?
(a) Jamaica Lane, Bermondsey
(b) Chicksand Street, Mile End New Town
(c) Pincher's Alley, Whitechapel 
(d) Poter's Court, Bartel Street, Walworth
A: (b) Chicksand Street, Mile End New Town

Q: What did Renfield refuse to talk about with Dr. Seward?
(a) Spiders
(b) Souls
(c) Flies
(d) Drinking
A: (d) Drinking  

Q: Who did Mitchell, Sons and Candy sell No. 347 Piccadilly to?
(a) Jonathan Harker
(b) Count de Ville
(c) Archibald Winter-Suffield
(d) Joseph Smollet 
A: (b) Count de Ville

Q: Why did Van Helsing go to the British Museum? 
(a) To research ancient medicine
(b) To find information on demons
(c) To look for clues about Dracula
(d) To learn about vampire lore
A: (a) To research ancient medicine

Q: What happened to Renfield at the end of the passage?
(a) He was put in a straitjacket
(b) He was given medication
(c) He was found injured on the floor 
(d) He had a violent outburst
A: (c) He was found injured on the floor


Chapter 21:
Q: What injury did Renfield appear to have suffered when Dr. Seward found him on the floor?
(a) A broken arm 
(b) A depressed skull fracture
(c) A broken leg
(d) Facial bruising
A: (b) A depressed skull fracture

Q: How did the Count attack Mina when he entered her room?
(a) He bit her neck and forced her to drink his blood
(b) He strangled her 
(c) He stabbed her with a knife
(d) He beat her head against the floor
A: (a) He bit her neck and forced her to drink his blood  

Q: What did Van Helsing use to protect himself and the others from the Count?
(a) A wooden stake
(b) Garlic
(c) A crucifix 
(d) Holy water
A: (c) A crucifix

Q: What did the Count do to Renfield before attacking Mina?
(a) He killed him
(b) He turned him into a vampire
(c) He threatened him
(d) He hypnotized him
A: (a) He killed him

Q: Why does daylight offer safety from the Count?
(a) He is weakened by sunlight
(b) He only attacks at night
(c) He cannot enter a home unless invited  
(d) He retreats to his coffin during the day
A: (a) He is weakened by sunlight

Q: What did Van Helsing and the others resolve to do after the Count's attack?
(a) Kill the Count
(b) Leave the country
(c) Find and destroy the Count's coffin
(d) Protect Mina until they can decide on a plan
A: (d) Protect Mina until they can decide on a plan


Chapter 22:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker write in his journal to help keep himself sane?
(a) A diary 
(b) Letters to Mina
(c) Lists of tasks
(d) Poetry
A: (a) A diary

Q: How does Van Helsing attempt to protect Mina?
(a) With a crucifix
(b) With garlic 
(c) By sterilizing the boxes of earth
(d) With a sacred wafer
A: (d) With a sacred wafer

Q: What does the group decide to do before searching the Piccadilly house?
(a) Visit Carfax 
(b) Go to the asylum
(c) Destroy the Count's lair nearby
(d) Split up to search multiple locations  
A: (c) Destroy the Count's lair nearby

Q: How does the group plan to enter the Piccadilly house?
(a) Break in
(b) Pretend to be potential buyers
(c) Bribe the police
(d) Hire a locksmith
A: (d) Hire a locksmith 

Q: What happens when Van Helsing tries to protect Mina with the sacred wafer?
(a) It burns her flesh
(b) The Count appears
(c) It has no effect
(d) Mina becomes a vampire
A: (a) It burns her flesh

Q: Where does the group find boxes of earth in the Piccadilly house? 
(a) The attic
(b) The basement 
(c) The dining room
(d) The chapel
A: (c) The dining room


Chapter 23:
Q: What does Dr. Seward write in his diary about Count Dracula's powers?
(a) The Count can transform into a bat 
(b) The Count has immense physical strength
(c) The Count's brain survived physical death
(d) The Count can control the weather
A: (c) The Count's brain survived physical death

Q: Why does the group want to find the last earth-box Dracula has hidden?
(a) To understand where he plans to escape to
(b) To destroy it and weaken Dracula's power
(c) To try to capture and kill Dracula 
(d) To find Dracula's hidden treasure
A: (b) To destroy it and weaken Dracula's power

Q: How does Mina help the group find Dracula?
(a) She uses her psychic abilities 
(b) She tracks him based on clues
(c) She seduces him into revealing his location
(d) She hypnotizes the men to enhance their senses
A: (a) She uses her psychic abilities

Q: What does Van Helsing say about why they must pursue Dracula?
(a) For vengeance against the monster 
(b) Because Dracula has hidden treasure
(c) To prevent Dracula from creating more vampires
(d) Because Dracula is immortal and Mina is mortal
A: (d) Because Dracula is immortal and Mina is mortal

Q: How does the group react when Morris says he will stand guard overnight? 
(a) They argue over who should stand guard
(b) They doubt his ability to stay awake 
(c) They thank him for his loyalty and bravery
(d) They worry about his safety against Dracula
A: (c) They thank him for his loyalty and bravery

Q: What does Mina realize about the need to destroy Dracula?
(a) He must be destroyed out of hatred
(b) She pities him and wants to save his soul
(c) It is the only way for her to be free of him
(d) Revenge against him will satisfy the men
A: (b) She pities him and wants to save his soul


Chapter 24:
Q: What does Van Helsing say is the creature's plan in going to London?
(a) To find more victims to feed on 
(b) To spread his evil more widely
(c) To hide from those hunting him
(d) To gain knowledge and power
A: (b) To spread his evil more widely

Q: How does Van Helsing say they can track where Dracula has gone?
(a) Using Mina's psychic connection 
(b) Researching shipping records
(c) Consulting with local authorities
(d) Setting traps around the countryside
A: (b) Researching shipping records

Q: Why does Van Helsing say Mina can no longer be part of their plans against Dracula?
(a) She is too weak and ill
(b) She may unwillingly betray their plans 
(c) She is turning into a vampire
(d) She wants to help Dracula
A: (b) She may unwillingly betray their plans

Q: What do the men decide to take with them for protection on their journey?
(a) Holy water and crosses
(b) Dynamite and guns 
(c) Silver bullets and stakes
(d) Winchesters and wild roses
A: (d) Winchesters and wild roses

Q: Why does Mina insist on going with the men on their journey?
(a) She wants revenge on Dracula
(b) She thinks she can help guide them
(c) She is compelled by Dracula's control
(d) She is worried about Jonathan
A: (c) She is compelled by Dracula's control 

Q: What does Van Helsing say is the most important thing for them to do next? 
(a) Research Dracula's history
(b) Prepare for their journey
(c) Protect Mina at all costs
(d) Find out Dracula's destination
A: (b) Prepare for their journey


Chapter 25:
Q: What does Dr. Seward ask Van Helsing and the others to promise regarding Mina if she becomes too changed?
(a) To kill her with a stake through the heart 
(b) To lock her away where she cannot harm others
(c) To try to cure her through hypnotism
(d) To help her escape to another country
A: (a) To kill her with a stake through the heart

Q: Why does the Count send Mina's spirit to read her mind?
(a) To learn if she still loves him
(b) To find out if the group plans to kill him
(c) To see if she knows where they are hiding
(d) To determine if she has betrayed his secrets
A: (c) To see if she knows where they are hiding

Q: What does Van Helsing realize about Mina's trance state?
(a) She can be used to spy on the Count
(b) The Count has taken away her soul
(c) It allows her to read minds like the Count
(d) She is under the complete control of the Count
A: (a) She can be used to spy on the Count

Q: How does the group plan to kill the Count?
(a) Poison his next victim 
(b) Shoot him from a distance
(c) Behead him and stake his heart
(d) Drown him at sea
A: (c) Behead him and stake his heart

Q: Why does the Count cut himself off from Mina's mind?
(a) To prevent her from betraying his location
(b) Because he no longer needs her help
(c) To keep her from reading his thoughts
(d) Because he wants to set her free
A: (a) To prevent her from betraying his location

Q: What does Van Helsing realize about the Count's intellect?
(a) He has the mind of a genius
(b) He thinks only about himself
(c) He has the mind of a child 
(d) He cannot plan more than one step ahead
A: (c) He has the mind of a child


Chapter 26:
Q: What does the chapter mention is the fastest way for Count Dracula to return to his castle?
(a) By road 
(b) By rail
(c) By water
(d) On foot
A: (c) By water

Q: What river does Mina guess Count Dracula traveled on?
(a) The Pruth
(b) The Sereth  
(c) The Bistritza
(d) The Danube
A: (b) The Sereth

Q: Who does the group decide should follow Count Dracula by water?
(a) Dr. Seward
(b) Lord Godalming
(c) Jonathan Harker
(d) Professor Van Helsing 
A: (b) Lord Godalming

Q: What does Professor Van Helsing say he will do to help find Count Dracula?
(a) Follow on land
(b) Go to the castle
(c) Guard the riverbank
(d) Buy supplies
A: (b) Go to the castle

Q: What does Jonathan want to do instead of letting Mina go to the castle?
(a) Follow on the steam launch
(b) Stay with Mina
(c) Go with Professor Van Helsing
(d) Guard the riverbank
A: (b) Stay with Mina 

Q: How does the group plan to travel to the Borgo Pass?
(a) On horseback
(b) By train 
(c) By carriage
(d) On foot
A: (c) By carriage


Chapter 27:
Q: What does Jonathan Harker throw over the side of the cart to try to stop Dracula?
(a) A cross  
(b) Garlic
(c) A stake
(d) Holy water
A: (c) A stake

Q: How does Jonathan say Mina's forehead appears after Dracula's curse passes?
(a) Feverish
(b) Bloody
(c) As stainless as snow
(d) Sweaty
A: (c) As stainless as snow

Q: Who plunges a bowie knife into Dracula's heart?
(a) Jonathan Harker
(b) Abraham Van Helsing 
(c) Quincey Morris
(d) Jack Seward
A: (c) Quincey Morris

Q: What happens to Dracula's body after he is stabbed in the heart?
(a) It turns to dust
(b) It liquefies 
(c) It disappears
(d) Nothing happens
A: (a) It turns to dust

Q: Where does the final battle with Dracula take place?
(a) The Borgo Pass
(b) Dracula's castle
(c) London
(d) Whitby
A: (b) Dracula's castle

Q: How does Quincey Morris die?
(a) Bitten by a wolf
(b) Killed by Dracula
(c) Stabbed by a gypsy
(d) Wounded fighting Dracula's minions
A: (d) Wounded fighting Dracula's minions

